group	family
phototrophic protists	Acanthocerataceae
phototrophic protists	Amphipleuraceae
phototrophic protists	Anaulaceae
phototrophic protists	Attheyaceae
phototrophic protists	Bacillariaceae
phototrophic protists	Biddulphiaceae
phototrophic protists	Chaetocerotaceae
phototrophic protists	Coscinodiscaceae
phototrophic protists	Cymatosiraceae
phototrophic protists	Entomoneidaceae
phototrophic protists	Eunotiaceae
phototrophic protists	Fragilariaceae
phototrophic protists	Gomphonemataceae
phototrophic protists	Hemiaulaceae
phototrophic protists	Leptocylindraceae
phototrophic protists	Lithodesmiaceae
phototrophic protists	Naviculaceae
phototrophic protists	Phaeodactylaceae
phototrophic protists	Plagiogrammaceae
phototrophic protists	Rhizosoleniaceae
phototrophic protists	Skeletonemataceae
phototrophic protists	Stephanodiscaceae
phototrophic protists	Thalassiosiraceae
phototrophic protists	Toxariaceae
phototrophic protists	Triceratiaceae
phototrophic protists	Ulnariaceae
red algae	Cyanidiaceae
phototrophic bacteria	Chlorobiaceae
phototrophic bacteria	Chloroflexaceae
phototrophic bacteria	Roseiflexaceae
chlorophytes	Chlamydomonadaceae
chlorophytes	Chloropicaceae
phototrophic bacteria	Heliobacteriaceae
phototrophic protists	Geminigeraceae
phototrophic protists	Triparmaceae
phototrophic bacteria	Acaryochloridaceae
phototrophic bacteria	Aphanizomenonaceae
phototrophic bacteria	Aphanothecaceae
phototrophic bacteria	Calotrichaceae
phototrophic bacteria	Chroococcaceae
phototrophic bacteria	Chroococcidiopsidaceae
phototrophic bacteria	Dermocarpellaceae
phototrophic bacteria	Gloeobacteraceae
phototrophic bacteria	Gomontiellaceae
phototrophic bacteria	Hapalosiphonaceae
phototrophic bacteria	Leptolyngbyaceae
phototrophic bacteria	Microcoleaceae
phototrophic bacteria	Nostocaceae
phototrophic bacteria	Oscillatoriaceae
phototrophic bacteria	Prochloraceae
phototrophic bacteria	Pseudanabaenaceae
phototrophic bacteria	Rivulariaceae
phototrophic bacteria	Scytonemataceae
phototrophic bacteria	Synechococcaceae
phototrophic protists	Gymnodiniaceae
phototrophic protists	Kryptoperidiniaceae
phototrophic protists	Syndiniaceae
phototrophic protists	Monodopsidaceae
phototrophic protists	Staurosiraceae
phototrophic protists	Paulinellidae
chlorophytes	Bathycoccaceae
chlorophytes	Mamiellaceae
phototrophic protists	Noelaerhabdaceae
phototrophic protists	Phaeocystaceae
chlorophytes	Pycnococcaceae
chlorophytes	Chlorellaceae
