crustaceous zooplankton	Calanidae
crustaceous zooplankton	Eucalanidae
crustaceous zooplankton	Metridinidae
crustaceous zooplankton	Temoridae
crustaceous zooplankton	Euphausiidae
gelatinous zooplankton	Oikopleuridae
gelatinous zooplankton	Eirenidae
gelatinous zooplankton	Cyaneidae
gelatinous zooplankton	Pelagiidae
gelatinous zooplankton	Ulmaridae
gelatinous zooplankton	Salpidae
heterotrophic protists	Metopidae
heterotrophic protists	Fonticulaceae
heterotrophic protists	Diplonemidae
heterotrophic protists	Ebriacea
heterotrophic protists	Euglenaceae
heterotrophic protists	Phacaceae
heterotrophic protists	Globorotaliidae
heterotrophic protists	Rotaliidae
heterotrophic protists	Vahlkampfiidae
heterotrophic protists	Paulinellidae
heterotrophic protists	Thaumatomastigidae
heterotrophic protists	Histionidae
heterotrophic protists	Jakobidae
heterotrophic protists	Parameciidae
heterotrophic protists	Tetrahymenidae
heterotrophic protists	Perkinsidae
heterotrophic protists	Sphaerozoidae
heterotrophic protists	Collosphaeridae
heterotrophic protists	Euplotidae
heterotrophic protists	Oxytrichidae
heterotrophic protists	Apusomonadidae
heterotrophic protists	Hexamitidae
heterotrophic protists	Hypotrichomonadidae
heterotrophic protists	Salpingoecidae
heterotrophic protists	Gruberellidae
heterotrophic protists	Sticholonchidae
